my name is tom schmidt i am
Native North Rhine-Westphalia I come
from East Westphalia and have lived for 30 years
In Rhineland I think I bring too
both a bit with the
East Westphalian stubbornness and the
joie de vivre from rheinland am
married has four children and one
grandchildren have been living in Bonn for a long time now
works for 30 years in the
municipal politics so I know like him
and ground the municipal clock
I think that's a piece of cake, too
my qualifications and that motivates
me also my hometown bonn this
Now it has become a bit far
advance
I think I want a city with you
a lot of potential and me
believe the city is actually under
their possibilities and that's why mine
Being motivation and b is after 30
years on the political side now
even a piece in the administration so
to organize that want his
potential really exhausted and that
What makes it good?
can do
with this job the op connects
also just a management are
over 4000 employees is so very
important part of the post one says
always the company is as good as
his staff also applies to the
I think that city is important to us
to create greater permeability
not directly concerned so I'm fine
because the good ideas are everywhere
in the administration there are that on
find the way up to the
realization so I imagine
flat hierarchies high
self-responsibility but also clear
distribution who has to answer for what
In addition we need more guides
I did not believe that last year
so happened
that means the management board has to
like a group executive board the
overall responsibility together with the
mayor take the
mayor takes the deputy
very serious but also the boss and
must say when it matters also there
it is long so I imagine that before
I think my advantage is that me
actually no major training period
I need to know this for 30 years
administration and this policy here in the
city ​​from the effeff and i can am
The first day was the first thing I did
is gonna do
I'll get the heads together
and tell everyone to say something
a ten major projects in his
Department are because what we have to do
is we have to focus on that
important projects are too much in the
no one knows what's going on
other power must focus on us
need to apply our money efficiently and
this is important politically to me are the
especially the points future bonn me
as a federal city, it's all in particular
the un instead
it's about the theme of living space we have
too little living space the people reasonable
to bring and it deals with third
the topic of care and education is there
it is especially about the care in the
kindergarten area but also in the ogs
area these are the focal points
I would tackle immediately and I believe
that's what's hanging behind, too
should stay
our household has a dimension of 11
billion and basically has three big ones
blocks that once and the personnel costs
which make up about 300 million
the 2000 transfers the approximately
Make up 280 million and it is the
expenses the city, so to speak
that's the third big one
block also in the order of about
400 million if you have the household
you have to renovate these big ones
blocks drangehen it does not go with it
small individual measures are also
But I have to look forward to the big blocks
go to it and I have to believe
especially first of all to the
personnel costs go to it
we will not be able to afford that
the city more and more from her by her
Total share of personnel costs
that means we have to go with the
staff costs come down second
point expenses the administration
itself has also shortened
are the last few years ever
I think we can get there
to accept a significant reduction
third are the transfer performance after
outside we can only partly
determine because the partially legally
but they are partly fixed
a way and the order of magnitude
definitely to be determined and there must apply
that we work impact-oriented
that means we have to watch with
which issues we can also
really achieve the effect around
people become more independent again
do
even to bring in work
even as force to raise itself
to vote financially
actually the three most important
blocks that you have since you have to answer
1 must be clear to everyone
We will not continue like this
We have to reduce our services
need to make do with less in the future
this is the requirement with bond
remains autonomous municipal politics
even decide on it yourself
may like this city in the future
is designed if this
election period around is the people in the
afterwards think about what is
actually now in the last five years
what happened is in the bunch
change then I would like that
People think the distance between those
up there who do the politics and the
those who think down there think oh
can not do anything about that
I would like to reduce that people
better understand how politics in bonn
why money is spent for what
will and
It's fun to get involved in Bonn
as a citizen and that makes sense too
because what are the citizens of this
Mayor also noticed and
has been implemented I have yes
in fact theology and philosophy
studied and that also influenced me
in my life i believe it comes in
live on values
and what is my conviction that it is the
Deep conviction is not measured
how well someone can explain
but alone with what he does
does and that's why I say in the end
always on what one has done
and not what someone said that is
For me, I believe the motto I choose
also tried my own trade and
do to judge